girls are way down slap their brew and
wide glide and down and the fish they're
always by watching this water the joints
are cooking and the soul is good we get
out on some grits down south down
Chris Perry 35
wait bouncer
very
rename
and raised down south and I'm showing up
don't stay
where'd it go Oh hard work is paying off
David who run this her sec is it on that
time strathroy pardon Thanks oh thank
you that was beautiful man I got sued on
that set every Paris I was just telling
ya I was just getting dialed in and got
a hack and I turned to my gate I knew I
had the game yeah i just said she'll at
one just got around to and then took
flak and wow game over haha there's a
nineteen ninety two hundred what are you
going for you I'm Tony I just there's no
displacement I'm holding my ankle or I
relating it for 41 and 43 hit up on the
boat I got time to wait for the buoy
decrease my speed song my good 9900 came
through as always and a one-two punch
combination and on the world record
awesome hey skiing around the bubble
buoys oh my gosh I don't even think
about them I don't even revamped I know
I'm injury-free now it's so great just a
hundred percent focus on her we're
skiing out there Chris parish you just
set a new world record I don't think
it's sucking all the way that's good
haha Thank You gradual aging thank you
yeah awesome 41
the grand a lead a lil this is lap down
still
that
yeah Katniss
now
Oh